Dialogue Act Modeling for Automatic Tagging and Recognition of Conversational Speech 

In all these cases, DA labels would enrich the available input for higher-level processing of the spoken words.
The relation between utterances and speaker turns is not one-to-one: a single turn can contain multiple utterances, and utterances can span more than one turn (e.g., in the case of backchanneling by the other speaker in midutterance).
The most common of these are the AGREEMENT/AccEPTS.
One frequent example in our corpus was the distinction between BACKCHANNELS and AGREEMENTS (see Table 2), which share terms such as right and yeah.
networks compare to decision trees for the type of data studied here.
Neural networks are worth investigating since they offer potential advantages over decision trees.
The choice of tasks was motivated by an analysis of confusions committed by a purely word-based DA detector, which tends to mistake QUESTIONS for STATEMENTS, and BACKCHANNELS for AGREEMENTS (and vice versa).
The latter can then be leveraged for more accurate speech recognition. 

DA modeling has mostly been geared toward automatic DA classification, and much less work has been done on applying DA models to automatic speech recog- nition.
Most similar to our own work, but still in a task-oriented domain, the work by Taylor et al.
Our approach to dialogue modeling has two major components: statistical dialogue grammars modeling the sequencing of DAs, and DA likelihood models expressing the local cues (both lexical and prosodic) for DAs.
Dialogue grammars for conversational speech need to be made more aware of the temporal properties of utterances.
We investigated several modeling alterna- tives for the components of the model (backoff n-grams and maximum entropy models for discourse grammars, decision trees and neural networks for prosodic classification) and found performance largely independent of these choices.
A statistical model for discourse act recognition in dialogue interactions.
Attention, intention, and the structure of discourse.
Lexical, prosodic, and syntactic cues for dialog acts.
Dialog act classification with the help of prosody.
HMM and neural network based speech act classification.
Can prosody aid the automatic classification of dialog acts in conversational speech?
Automatic linguistic segmentation of conversational speech.
Integrated dialog act segmentation and classification using prosodic features and language models.